# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 26 Sept 2024, 16:15 - 18:00
**Meeting Purpose:** Lab 3  
**Meeting Location:** Concordia University 
**Note Taker:** Mik Driver
**Formatting and Edits:** Hadi Assemani

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Hadi Assemani
- Adja Boye
- Mik Driver
- Sara Razene Habte
- Youssef Tassine

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Agenda Item 1 | Demo of Team's Progress

## Discussion Items
Item | Notes |
---- | ---- |
GitHub Management | How to create a branches/pull requests and merge branches |
Work Logs | Update Documentation for Sprint 1 (Work Logs) |
Project Feedback | How to improve the current working site before submission | 
Troubleshooting | The reasons behind any delayed task completion (Any issues faced by team members were
resolved with the help of the others) |
Re-adjust Project's Road Map | Updated deadlines to allow sufficient time for code review and successful merges |

## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| ✅ | Re-adjust Project's Road Map | Everyone | N/A |
| ✅ | Zoom call with Lab TA to show progress and get feedback | Hadi & Mik | N/A |
| ✅ | Reflection on TA's Feedback | Everyone | N/A |

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
